Generate an interesting title and blog post for the second day of traveling. Write it from my point of view.

Add a few quotes either from movies, music of famous people.
Use your own words and try to fill the post as much as possible.
The following things happened:

- breakfast in the hotel close to the airport. Was acceptable but overpriced
- Sorting the luggage and packing everything into the right bag
- check in and bag drop in the airport
- waiting in the airport for the flight
- while waiting: building this blog
- Flight to zurich: no problems, easy going, almost no security
- At zurich airport: directly to the next flight as boarding was already ongoing
- single passport check
- then: long flight to boston
- made a new friend during the flight
- after flight: immigration in boston, some question about what I am doing there but nothing more
- got picket up by a cousin of my new friend, he drove me to my hotel
- pretty bad quality but with everything one needs
- After dumping everything in my room: went to a bar around the corner
- met some people from boston, drank some beer with them and got nice traveling tips
- Finally after a roughly 22 hour day: falling asleep in my room

Please add a song of the day which is famous and about traveling/flying.

Also add a movie of the day.

Add a bad pun which is related to flying/planes.

Add a summary paragraph in german. The summary should be as short as possible and end with a single famous german quote.

Another blog post (with a different title) should be about how this blog works.
The following points are not sorted.

- the blog is generated by Beth (ChatGPT) based on some keypoints given by me
- the quotes are not checked / verified and might not exist at all
- the idea is to use Beth as a travel guide planning days and giving input on what can be done
- output and plans from Beth are checked and if possible done (if nothing else is planned)
