---
layout: post
title: ": Day 7-12"
date: 2023-01-12
author: Beth, Joni
tags: usa,day 7,boston
---
## Introduction

- Got stopped from writing as the library closed early
- Too much to do on other days
- So this is a combo post for multiple days

## What happened

- Got the city pass in the morning
- Visited the aquarium (part of the city pass and a recommendation by Beth)
- Many pools were way to small for the animals or too crowded
- I do not recommend this aquarium even thought they have some cool animals
- Did a long walk through parts of the city I haven't visited yet
- Next day: breakfast in the quincy hall
- The quincy hall is a fressmeile opposite of the Faneuil hall
- More walks through yet unknown parts
- In the evening: went to the Bell in Hand tavern
- It's believed to be the longest continuously operating bar in the USA
- Met some guys from texas there
- Went with them to the Union Oyster House on the other side of the street
- This is one of the oldest restaurants in Boston where we got some oysters and clams
- From there we went to an italian restaurant in the north end (remember: Boston's little italy)
- On the next day (saturday) I continued with the city pass and made a harbor tour with some historical explanations by boat
- Huge parts of the boston land is man made and the harbor was really dirty until the 1990s and it took a lot of work to clean it up
- After the tour I used the ferry to charlestown to visit the USS Constitution
- This ship, also called the "Old Ironsides" is the worlds oldest ship still afloat
- It's a heavy frigate of the US Navy and still operated by them
- This made it a really historic day
- On sunday I went to the third attraction included in the city pass: The Science museum
- Even thought it's focus group seem to be families (especially their children), it was fun and interesting.
- Many interactive elements and a good lightning show
- Ended the day with a evening walk around the MIT campus
- The next day was mainly planned by my parents as a gift: I had tickets for the Boston Bruins.
- Let's go Bruins!
- Monday was holiday here as the Martin Luther King day fell on a sunday and thus was caught up
- The game started at 1pm and was really fun to watch
- The Bruins are the current scoreboard leaders and thus had an easy game against the Flyers which are closer to the bottom
- the mood was great even thought soccer fans seem to be better at this
- Afterwards I went to a close sports bar to hang out with some Bostonians and talk about the game and the world
- The last day of this blog, tuesday, was a bit less active.
- The main part was a tour through the MIT campus
- In my opinion it's nicer than the Harvard Campus as they are way more open
- Most buildings can be visited by anyone during normal operating hours whereas Harvards buildings are closed

## Summary


## Working with Beth
As already mentioned before: using beth for more plannings would need a better hotel (working internet and a place were you actually want to be more than 5 minutes while awake) and more work before the actual vacation.
Many of the activities visited were recommended by beth but also really publicly known: The city pass contains many, a 5 minute google search also. City guides bought in advanced also contain the same spots and activities.

Thus I would say that beth can be used for parts of a trip plan but one should keep his eyes open and use more sources for trips and things to visit.

Locals also had many great tips and ideas and just going through the streets actually yielded many great experiences and spots which would not be part of any tour guide.

Still Beth (or in this case, ChatGPT in general) is a good help in writing a blog and getting some ideas. Further evaluation is done if possible.

## Song of the day

_City of Angles - The Head and the Heart_ 

Listen to it on [spotify](https://open.spotify.com/track/7f5inCfL12gHegKR4PX1IH?si=d0d25e98998c4ed9)

## Movie of the day
_Good Will Hunting_ 

See the trailer on [imdb](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119217/)

## Pun of the day

Why was the math book sad? Because it had too many problems.
